I'm sure you heard the president
was here on Friday.
And if you didn't hear,
the president was here on Friday.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And
we had some really great conversations
during the commercial breaks.
And luckily, our mics were still on so
we caught it.
And the cameras were rolling so
I thought I'd show you some now.
>> Please take a selfie with me.
>> I don't have time for that.
>> Come on, please?
I'm begging you.
>> [APPLAUSE]
[LAUGH]
>> Where's the lady with my pudding?
Here she comes.
Mm, yum, yum, yum, yum.
Tell me a classic joke, I love this.
>> What's Michelle Obama's
favorite vegetable?
>> Hm, what is Michelle Obama's
>> Barack-oli.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Get it?
>> Will you be at the next
Illuminati meeting?
>> Yeah, Portia and I are both coming.
>> Okay, the Pope will be there but
Beyonce can't make it.
>> [LAUGH] [APPLAUSE]
>> That's what happened.